Hello dear friends and subscribers
my channel with you again a portrait of
evolution and this is the fifth part of my
Russian city in minecraft
and what did I want to say in this part
there will be small updates and proper
in this part I will show schools well
so let's see how by the way
we could only notice him for a bit
change skin
let's see what update we have
in this city we have these
residential buildings 3 more residential buildings
here is the first house 2 house and there is a third one
house water yes and what do we have further further
we have a school so let's go
say what for what i built these
at home so we have in the city of Magadan
star
we have city asha inflicted city
Metro we have a city school and even
houses if I had not built these three
residential buildings we would have only one
so I decided to build such residential
buildings for me it was not difficult
because of course I helped
evolution
but mostly we focused on school
let's see what we got
school school us is u have here in
yard
these three houses I don't know maybe
surrounded by a fence yet
but generally we have such a school
it turned out quite beautiful
beautiful school 1 is written
here is vodka there is a school itself
made of bricks and made of
bricks
with a brick block more precisely so we have here
there is such a small and there is a garden girl
fell and here it is in general here we have
there is a volleyball court too
pretty nicely done and here but
the truth is I probably don’t know we
throw or not yes you can throw
sure thing but with difficulty
as you can see some things are standing here
us among the judge I did not know how to do
because it was hard enough
make it stand in 10 by drawing 12 you can
sit back if you are tired
see caviar what do we have on
the other half
what kind of things are you I in general here we have
on the other half of the football field and here
we play how to become brown
the team is against such clothes
purple teams were walking on the face worth
white and there they have brown flocks up
in general, then what 's next we
let's go to school itself I forgot
change their stupak still see our on
so two or if I have these
nothing wrong with you ok
teksturpake have normal doors have
is a porch and here such a visor as
He is called not to get wet under
rain and color stand to become so
let's go further so we see
we can change our shoes here
there is such a rug and let's go
class on the ground even with us right here
two three 4 5 class
let's see started the class right
let's see for example this one
class yes we go here and immediately rushes
In the eyes of this board to this board I
changed specifically for this type so
crying the door I did not change so if
do you want me to throw off these soup windows door u
you bus flowed but if you fumble in it
bought 7 sharit in this then you can
change the door back but in general we
here we see here such tables for
two chairs stand and map here bringing
us for how it is for the teacher let's that
here we put the type of account number with her
teachers oh the nightstand of china is high angst
It turned out quite nicely if you
live in this house then you can sit on
a lesson on drowned it you can take
sharpness mom dad grandma girl well in
common paper relatives waving zip
on
we stand such lower shelf where
you can take the book of the word face I don't know
what you want for example can be in chemistry
all sorts of books there are periodic tables
such a
but generally let's look here and what do u
we have here hangers for children to
go diving and here we have a window not
I can see
watch what goes on volleyball
field match any or something else
so let's go on to the second
floor by the way write comments to
define the next series I still often
I will do perezaliv roller auchan
so what else I wanted to say but
let's see him for you there
I will say
here we have among the boys where you can
sit on a break
the city and further we will go we have
class and the other side we also have
cool so here we have so much
window go boy dan now your
side of the same large window
women well let's go inside
inside we have here are the doors here we go around
too beautiful Escher we see apparently here
dofig
tables and seats total we take fit
cooks buy what we want for example once
so it is necessary to put a turn
italiano knife put it in here water
stay and what we buy and go some
here the kitchen here we have fuel and it is ready and
this one is also there girls there we have 100 for
pupils
so then let's go out of school this
sucks that sometimes you can not get
let's go out school and I wanted to say something
if you can make an ios card you
well it turns out well, no, they are there and
nonsense worthy enough map
then write in the comments I will tell you
where do i throw and if this card will
good enough
there from evolution make her card opening
for two in general if you like
this issue like subscribe
on the channel and call your friends with you
evolution and
protected everyone good luck everyone bye